hi I'm Holly food editor my recipes calm
dinner tonight we'll show you how to
make a healthy and delicious supper in
less than 45 minutes
[Music]
hi I'm Holly Granger food editor at my
recipes calm dinner tonight is a hardy
vegetarian option from cooking like
Chipotle bean burritos this heart
healthy dish cooks up quick so let's
start add olive oil to a hot skillet
and then saute garlic for about 30
seconds add some chipotle chili powder
for a smoky hot flavor and a little bit
of salt all of this is stir then add
water black beans and kidney beans bring
this mixture to a boil and cook for
about 10 minutes once the beans are
tender transfer them to a bowl stir in
salsa then mix everything to combine and
use a fork just to partially mash the
beans now that the beans are mashed
let's make the burrito top a warm flour
tortilla with the beans then add cheese
some tomato lettuce green onion and top
with a dollop of sour cream you can add
chicken or steak to make this even
harder alright it's that easy and then
just roll it up I need to get my
guacamole and then I'm ready to eat
this recipe was so easy and took just
minutes to make it's a hearty vegetarian
Mexican option that I hope you enjoy for
your dinner tonight